RHODE Sy DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL ec 235 Promenade Street, Providence, RI 02908-5767 TDD NO FURTHER ACTION LETTER May 20, CASE No. Domenico Bucci and Irma 34 Momingside West Warwick, RI 509 Metacom Bristol, Rhode Plat Map 108 Lot Dear Domenico Bucci and Irma On November 9, 2011, the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management enacted the amended Rules and Regulations for the Investigation and Remediation Hazardous Material Releases Remediation The purpose of these regulations is create an integrated program requiring reporting, investigation, and remediation of sites in order to eliminate control threats to human health and the In the matter of the above-referenced property the Office of Management is in receipt of the following documentation submitted pursuant to Remediation Regulations in response to the reported release at the 1. Release Notification, received by the Department on March 25, 2013, and prepared Alliance Environmental Group, Inc. 2. Short-Term Response Action Completion, received by the Department on April 2013, and prepared by 3. Short-Term Response Action Completion Addendum, received by the Department May 7, 2013 and prepared by AEG; 4. 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol, RI to received by the Department May 16, 2013, and prepared by Based upon the information provided in the documents referenced above, the OWM determined that the property does not require any additional response actions in accordance the Remediation Regulations at this Please be advised that the OWM reserves the right to require additional actions under Remediation Regulations at the subject site should any of the following 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol May 20, No Further Action Letter Page 1 of post-consumer Conditions at the property previously unknown to the Department are Information previously unknown to the Department becomes available; Policy or regulatory requirements Please note that this is not a Letter of Compliance and that nothing in this letter relieves responsible party, or the site, from compliance with all other applicable local, State, rules, regulations, and If you have any questions regarding this letter or would like the opportunity to meet Department personnel, please contact me by telephone at ext. 7026, or by mail at ashley. Sincerely, Authorized by, 4 a COP LE Wm DER 7 Ashiey L. Blauvelt Timothy M. Sanitary Engineer Senior Office of Waste Management Office of Waste Kelly J. Owens, Jacob H. Butterworth, Alliance Environmental Group, 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol May 20, No Further Action Letter Page 2 of 2