RHODE DEPARTMENT OF ENVIRONMENTAL cy 235 Promenade Street, Providence, RI 02908-5767 TDD LETTER OF RESPONSIBILITY SHORT-TERM RESPONSE March 29, CASE No. CERTIFIED Domenico Bucci and Irma 34 Morningside West Warwick, RI 509 Metacom 509 Metacom Bristol, Rhode Plat Map 108 Lot Dear Domenico Bucci and Irma On November 9, 2011, the Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management enacted the amended Rules and Regulations for the Investigation and Remediation Hazardous Material Releases Remediation The purpose of these regulations is ution and rer diation of create an integrated program requiring reporting. sites in order to eliminate control threats to human health and the environment in an manner. A Letter of Responsibility is a preliminary document used by the Department codify and define the relationship between the Department and a Performing Please be advised of the following 1. The above referenced property is located at 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol, Rhode The Site is further identified by the Town of Bristol Tax Office Plat Map 108 Lot 2. The Department is in receipt of the following a. Release Notification, received by the Department on March 25, 2013, prepared Alliance Environmental Group, Inc. 3. The above referenced document identifies concentrations of arsenic in a single soil on the Site that exceeds the Method 1 Direct Exposure Criteria, as in the Remediation 4. Based on the presence and nature of the Hazardous Substance, the Department concurs that Release of Hazardous Materials has occurred as defined by Rules 3.33, 3.34, and 3.63 of 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol March 29, Letter of Responsibility Page 1 of post-consumer 5. Domenico Bucci and Irma Santilli are identified as the current owners of the Site by Town of Bristol Tax office and as such is a Responsible Party as defined by 3.70 of the Remediation As a result of the information known and the conditions observed at the site, the requests that Domenico Bucci and Irma Santilli comply with the 1. In accordance with Rule 6.09, following the completion of the Short-Term Response the Responsible Party undertaking the action shall prepare a Short-Term Response providing a detailed summary of all investigations and activities taken in response to Release. This report shall be submitted to the Department in both hard copy and format within thirty days of completion of the Short-Term Response 2. The Performing Party shall notify all abutting property owners, tenants, easement the municipality, and any community well suppliers associated with any well head areas which encircle the Contaminated-Site, that the Short-Term Response Action complete and make available to them the findings of the Short-Term Response submitted per Rule 6.09. Please submit a draft notification to the Department via E-mail review and approval prior to Please be advised that Domenico Bucci and Irma Santilli, as site owners are responsible for proper investigation and remediation of arsenic at this If you have any questions regarding this letter or would like the opportunity to meet Department personnel, please contact me by telephone at ext. 7026 or by E-mail ashley. Ashley L. Sanitary Office of Waste Kelly J. Owens, Timothy M. Fleury, Jacob H. Butterworth, Alliance Environmental Group, 509 Metacom Avenue, Bristol March 29, Letter of Responsibility Page 2 of